hello me it's sirella me it's his
widow
we are part of the Samaritan club
Sitting years we will show you exercise
can be shaped non
I will show you how to strengthen
your back in bodybuilding
it's a device here called the
draw you will be able so suddenly
adjust at the level of the legs
you have shot is here run for height
and for well finished her thighs or
sausages from the moment you are
released here we did not have enough of
holding must go down well check
that it's good or check the load
also not put too many bridges afterwards
you go back in the always on the
draws a little mark here to have
a good spacing that we place your
little fingers on it have replaced you
under the sausages find height
with the chest and is slightly the
table then have to pull up the
neck
you go back together get your arms for
well protect your articulation from
elbows for the drop and we get up in
controlling we inspire and breath
to be effective and started well on
this movement makes the 4 5 series realized
15 repeat and take a minute of
recovery between each eyelash
once you're done removing
your legs and come back lay the load
the